Hey, you made it.
You've learned quite a lot in this lesson,
from the principles of factor models to the covariance matrix of factor returns,
to the application of factor models and quant finance.
Yes. Congrats on building up your understanding of factors.
You've also learned about the distinction between alpha factors and
risk factors and have an overview of various data sources from which to derive factors.
This foundation will help you in
the upcoming lessons where you will learn about risk factor models,
alpha factors, and advanced portfolio optimization.
Yes. Keep up the good work.
See you in the next lesson.